docs/entity/modifyFieldsOnValue.md, before:

# Modify Fields On Change

This feature allows to specify conditions to modify other fields based on current field value change.

### Modification Object Properties

| Property                                            | Type   | Description                                                                                                         |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| fieldValue<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string | Value that will trigger the update, put `[[any_other_value]]` to trigger update for any other values than specified |
| mode                                                | string | Mode that adds possibility to use modification only on certain mode                                                 |
| fieldsToModify                                      | array  | List of fields modifications that will be applied after com ponent value will match                                 |

### fieldsToModify Properties

| Property                                         | Type                      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| fieldId<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string                    | Used to identify field that modifications will be applied to |
| display                                          | boolean                   | Declares display property of target component                |
| value                                            | string, number or boolean | Declares current value of target component                   |
| disabled                                         | boolean                   | Declares if component should be disabled (enable = false)    |
| required                                         | boolean                   | Declares if component should be required                     |
| help                                             | string                    | Declares help text                                           |
| label                                            | string                    | Declares label text                                          |
| markdownMessage                                  | object                    | Declares markdown message to display                         |

### markdownMessage Properties

| Property                                              | Type   | Description                                                                      |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| markdownType<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string | Declare type of markdown. Accepts: "text", "hybrid", "link"                      |
| text<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span>         | string | Used for all types to declare message content                                    |
| color                                                 | string | Used for "text" type to specify color of displayied text. Accepts all CSS colors |
| token                                                 | string | Used for "hybrid" type to declare string that will be swapped into link          |
| linkText                                              | string | Used for "hybrid" type to declare string that will put in place of token         |
| link                                                  | string | Used for "hybrid" and "link" types to declare url that will use for redirection  |

### Usage

```json
{
    "type": "checkbox",
    "label": "Example Checkbox",
    "field": "account_checkbox",
    "help": "This is an example checkbox for the account entity",
    "modifyFieldsOnValue": [
        {
            "fieldValue": 1,
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "account_radio",
                    "disabled": false
                },
                {
                    "fieldId": "endpoint",
                    "display": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": 0,
            "mode": "edit",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "account_radio",
                    "disabled": true
                },
                {
                    "fieldId": "endpoint",
                    "display": false
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
},
```

```json
{
    "label": "Username",
    "type": "text",
    "help": "Enter the username for this account.",
    "field": "username",
    "modifyFieldsOnValue": [
        {
            "fieldValue": "[[any_other_value]]",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": true,
                    "label": "New label for other values",
                    "value": "New value for other values",
                    "help": "New help for other values",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "text",
                        "text": "New markdown message for other values",
                        "color": "red"
                    },
                    "required": false
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "a",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "display": true,
                    "disabled": true,
                    "label": "New label for value 'a' as username",
                    "value": "New value for value 'a' as username",
                    "help": "New help for value 'a' as username",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "link",
                        "text": "New markdown message for value 'a' as username",
                        "link": "https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/"
                    },
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aa",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": false,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aa' as username",
                    "value":"New value for value 'aa' as username",
                    "help": "New help for value 'aa' as username",
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aaa",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": true,
                    "display": true,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "value": "New value for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "help":  "New help for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "hybrid",
                        "text": "New markdown message token 'aaa' as username",
                        "link": "https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/",
                        "token": "token",
                        "linkText": "for value"
                    },
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aaaa",
            "mode": "edit",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": false,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "value": "New value for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "help":  "New help for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "text",
                        "text": "markdown message plain text used only when editing entity"
                    },
                    "required": false
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
},
```

Commit message:

feat(modifyFieldsOnValue): enable field to modify itself (#1494)
**Issue number:**
https://splunk.atlassian.net/browse/ADDON-76687 
### PR Type

**What kind of change does this PR introduce?**
* [x] Feature
* [ ] Bug Fix
* [ ] Refactoring (no functional or API changes)
* [ ] Documentation Update
* [ ] Maintenance (dependency updates, CI, etc.)

## Summary

### Changes

Remove verification to block field from applying modification to itself
after value change.
It is not a risk to allow users to modify field itself as we should be
concerned only for value. (it is still not a problem but seems like a
bad approach to solving problems).

It also enables circular dependencies in case where modifications are
not about value. (modifying values still should work good but seems like
a bad practise)

### User experience

User can right now modify state of field by applying changes to
currently edited field, it allows to create ie. much more useful labels
and help messages referencing value change.

## Checklist

If an item doesn't apply to your changes, leave it unchecked.

* [ ] I have performed a self-review of this change according to the
[development
guidelines](https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/contributing/#development-guidelines)
* [x] Tests have been added/modified to cover the changes [(testing
doc)](https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/contributing/#build-and-test)
* [ ] Changes are documented
* [x] PR title and description follows the [contributing
principles](https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/contributing/#pull-requests)

---------

Co-authored-by: srv-rr-github-token <94607705+srv-rr-github-token@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/entity/modifyFieldsOnValue.md, after:

# Modify Fields On Change

This feature allows to specify conditions to modify other fields based on current field value change.

### Modification Object Properties

| Property                                            | Type   | Description                                                                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| fieldValue<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string | Value of current field that will trigger the update. Put `[[any_other_value]]` to make update for any other value than specified. |
| mode                                                | string | Mode that adds possibility to use modification only on certain mode. One of ( `create` / `edit` / `clone` / `config` )            |
| fieldsToModify                                      | array  | List of fields modifications that will be applied after com ponent value will match.                                              |

### fieldsToModify Properties

| Property                                         | Type                      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| fieldId<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string                    | Used to identify field that modifications will be applied to |
| display                                          | boolean                   | Declares display property of target component                |
| value                                            | string, number or boolean | Declares current value of target component                   |
| disabled                                         | boolean                   | Declares if component should be disabled (enable = false)    |
| required                                         | boolean                   | Declares if component should be required                     |
| help                                             | string                    | Declares help text                                           |
| label                                            | string                    | Declares label text                                          |
| markdownMessage                                  | object                    | Declares markdown message to display                         |

### markdownMessage Properties

| Property                                              | Type   | Description                                                                      |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| markdownType<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span> | string | Declare type of markdown. Accepts: "text", "hybrid", "link"                      |
| text<span class="required-asterisk">\*</span>         | string | Used for all types to declare message content                                    |
| color                                                 | string | Used for "text" type to specify color of displayied text. Accepts all CSS colors |
| token                                                 | string | Used for "hybrid" type to declare string that will be swapped into link          |
| linkText                                              | string | Used for "hybrid" type to declare string that will put in place of token         |
| link                                                  | string | Used for "hybrid" and "link" types to declare url that will use for redirection  |

### Usage

```json
{
    "type": "checkbox",
    "label": "Example Checkbox",
    "field": "account_checkbox",
    "help": "This is an example checkbox for the account entity",
    "modifyFieldsOnValue": [
        {
            "fieldValue": 1,
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "account_radio",
                    "disabled": false
                },
                {
                    "fieldId": "endpoint",
                    "display": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": 0,
            "mode": "edit",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "account_radio",
                    "disabled": true
                },
                {
                    "fieldId": "endpoint",
                    "display": false
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
},
```

```json
{
    "label": "Username",
    "type": "text",
    "help": "Enter the username for this account.",
    "field": "username",
    "modifyFieldsOnValue": [
        {
            "fieldValue": "[[any_other_value]]",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": true,
                    "label": "New label for other values",
                    "value": "New value for other values",
                    "help": "New help for other values",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "text",
                        "text": "New markdown message for other values",
                        "color": "red"
                    },
                    "required": false
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "a",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "display": true,
                    "disabled": true,
                    "label": "New label for value 'a' as username",
                    "value": "New value for value 'a' as username",
                    "help": "New help for value 'a' as username",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "link",
                        "text": "New markdown message for value 'a' as username",
                        "link": "https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/"
                    },
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aa",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": false,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aa' as username",
                    "value":"New value for value 'aa' as username",
                    "help": "New help for value 'aa' as username",
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aaa",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": true,
                    "display": true,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "value": "New value for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "help":  "New help for value 'aaa' as username",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "hybrid",
                        "text": "New markdown message token 'aaa' as username",
                        "link": "https://splunk.github.io/addonfactory-ucc-generator/",
                        "token": "token",
                        "linkText": "for value"
                    },
                    "required": true
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "fieldValue": "aaaa",
            "mode": "edit",
            "fieldsToModify": [
                {
                    "fieldId": "some_other_field",
                    "disabled": false,
                    "display": false,
                    "label": "New label for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "value": "New value for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "help":  "New help for value 'aaaa' as username used only when editing entity",
                    "markdownMessage": {
                        "markdownType": "text",
                        "text": "markdown message plain text used only when editing entity"
                    },
                    "required": false
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
},
```
