docs/quickstart.md, before:

# Quickstart

## Prerequisites

You need to have Python 3.7+ and Git available in the machine to be able to utilize `ucc-gen` command.

> Git is used to generate the add-on version from Git tags. Alternatively you can use `--ta-version` parameter. More info below.

To be able to create an add-on using UCC framework, you need to have at least:

* `globalConfig` file (in `JSON` or `YAML` format, `JSON` is mostly used)
* `package` folder
* `app.manifest` in the `package` folder ([documentation here](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/reference/packagingtoolkit/pkgtoolkitappmanifest/)).

> If both globalConfig.json and globalConfig.yaml files are present, then the globalConfig.json file will take precedence.

An example of creating a basic add-on from scratch can be found [here](example.md).

The JSON schema for the `globalConfig` file can be found
[here](https://github.com/splunk/addonfactory-ucc-base-ui/blob/main/src/main/webapp/schema/schema.json).

### Add-on naming convention

Refer to Splunkbase documentation 
[here](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/docs/releaseapps/splunkbase/namingguidelines/) 
to figure out what should be the name of your add-on.

## Initialize new add-on

> Initialization of the new add-on is available from `5.19.0` version of `ucc-gen`.

Commands below are macOS and Linux specific.

* Set up and activate Python virtual environment

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

* Install `splunk-add-on-ucc-framework`

```bash
pip install splunk-add-on-ucc-framework
```

* Initialize new add-on

```bash
ucc-gen init --addon-name "demo_addon_for_splunk" --addon-display-name "Demo Add-on for Splunk" --addon-input-name demo_input
```

The new add-on is located in `demo_addon_for_splunk` folder and can be built using 
the commands [below](#build-already-existing-add-on).

## Build already existing add-on

Commands below are macOS and Linux specific.

* Set up and activate Python virtual environment (skip if you already have an environment)

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

* Install `splunk-add-on-ucc-framework` and `splunk-packaging-toolkit` (skip if you already installed libraries)

```bash
pip install splunk-add-on-ucc-framework splunk-packaging-toolkit
```

* Run `ucc-gen` and package it

> Provide `--ta-version=<version>` parameter if this repository is not version controlled.

```bash
ucc-gen
slim package output/<add-on-name>
```

> Please use `ucc-gen build` instead of `ucc-gen` if you are using UCC `v5.19.0` and higher.

Now you should see an archive created in the same level as your 
`globalConfig.json` is located.

Now you can go to Splunk and install this add-on using the generated archive.

After validating that the add-on was loaded fine and all the basic operations 
are working, you can extend the functionality of the input by copying and 
pasting the automatically generated modular inputs file into `package/bin` 
folder and extending their functionality. The generated inputs are using 
[Splunk SDK for Python](https://github.com/splunk/splunk-sdk-python). After you
update the modular input code, you can run `ucc-gen` again and `ucc-gen` will 
use updated modular inputs from `package/bin` instead of generating new ones.

## Commands

### `ucc-gen build`

Builds the add-on. As of now, running `ucc-gen` does the same thing as running `ucc-gen build`, 
but eventually calling `ucc-gen` without specifying a subcommand will be 
deprecated.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--source` - [optional] folder containing the `app.manifest` and app 
    source.
* `--config` - [optional] path to the configuration file, defaults to
    globalConfig file in the parent directory of source provided.
* `--ta-version` - [optional] override current version of TA, default
    version is version specified in `globalConfig.json` or `globalConfig.yaml`. 
    Splunkbase compatible version of SEMVER will be used by default.
* `--python-binary-name` - [optional] Python binary name to use when
    installing Python libraries.

### `ucc-gen init`

Initializes the add-on (available from `v5.19.0`).
`ucc-gen init` command initializes the add-on and bootstraps some code in the 
modular input which you, as a developer, can extend for your needs.

Apart from standard files needed for the add-on, it also adds search head 
clustering files in `default/server.conf` file and reload triggers in 
`default/app.conf` file. Those files will be generated automatically soon by 
`ucc-gen build` command itself, for now you need to include them manually 
during the add-on development.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--addon-name` - [required] add-on name. Consult with 
    [official naming convention guide](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/docs/releaseapps/splunkbase/namingguidelines/).
* `--addon-display-name` - [required] add-on "official" name.
* `--addon-input-name` - [required] name of the generated input. 
* `--addon-version` - [optional] version of the generated add-on, `0.0.1` by default.
* `--overwrite` - [optional] overwrites already existing folder if used, 
    by default you can't generate a new add-on to already existing folder.

### `ucc-gen import-from-aob`

Import from AoB (Add-on Builder) (available from `v5.24.0`). It is in the
**experimental** state as of now, meaning that running this command may not
produce 100% UCC compatible add-on, but we are going to work on future
improvements for the script itself.

The import functionality is based on the 
[ucc_migration_test](https://github.com/tmartin14/ucc_migration_test) bash
script.
One of the ways you can use it is to download an AoB-based add-on from
Splunkbase, unarchive it and use 
`ucc-gen import-from-aob --addon-name <unarchived-folder-name>`. Or you can
run the same command against your locally developed add-on, but it should be
exported from AoB.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--addon-name` - [required] add-on name.

## What `ucc-gen build` does

* Cleans the output folder.
* Retrieves the package ID of addon.
* Copies UCC template directory under `output/<package_ID>` directory.
* Copies globalConfig.json or globalConfig.yaml file to
    `output/<package_ID>/appserver/static/js/build` directory.
* Collects and install Addon's requirements into
    `output/<package_ID>/lib` directory of addon's package.
* For the addon's requirements, packages are installed according to
    following table:
    * `lib/requirements.txt` - install Python3 compatible packages into
        `output/<package_ID>/lib`
    * Removes `setuptools*`, `bin*`, `pip*`, `distribute*`, `wheel*` if 
        they exist from `output/<package_ID>/lib`
    * Removes execute bit from every file under `output/<package_ID>/lib`
* Replaces tokens in views.
* Copies addon's `package/*` to `output/<package_ID>/*` directory.
* If an addon requires some additional configurations in packaging
    then `ucc-gen` runs the code in the `additional_packaging.py` file as well.

Commit message:

docs: update for import-from-aob command (#714)

docs/quickstart.md, after:

# Quickstart

## Prerequisites

You need to have Python 3.7+ and Git available in the machine to be able to utilize `ucc-gen` command.

> Git is used to generate the add-on version from Git tags. Alternatively you can use `--ta-version` parameter. More info below.

To be able to create an add-on using UCC framework, you need to have at least:

* `globalConfig` file (in `JSON` or `YAML` format, `JSON` is mostly used)
* `package` folder
* `app.manifest` in the `package` folder ([documentation here](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/reference/packagingtoolkit/pkgtoolkitappmanifest/)).

> If both globalConfig.json and globalConfig.yaml files are present, then the globalConfig.json file will take precedence.

An example of creating a basic add-on from scratch can be found [here](example.md).

The JSON schema for the `globalConfig` file can be found
[here](https://github.com/splunk/addonfactory-ucc-base-ui/blob/main/src/main/webapp/schema/schema.json).

### Add-on naming convention

Refer to Splunkbase documentation 
[here](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/docs/releaseapps/splunkbase/namingguidelines/) 
to figure out what should be the name of your add-on.

## Initialize new add-on

> Initialization of the new add-on is available from `5.19.0` version of `ucc-gen`.

Commands below are macOS and Linux specific.

* Set up and activate Python virtual environment

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

* Install `splunk-add-on-ucc-framework`

```bash
pip install splunk-add-on-ucc-framework
```

* Initialize new add-on

```bash
ucc-gen init --addon-name "demo_addon_for_splunk" --addon-display-name "Demo Add-on for Splunk" --addon-input-name demo_input
```

The new add-on is located in `demo_addon_for_splunk` folder and can be built using 
the commands [below](#build-already-existing-add-on).

## Build already existing add-on

Commands below are macOS and Linux specific.

* Set up and activate Python virtual environment (skip if you already have an environment)

```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```

* Install `splunk-add-on-ucc-framework` and `splunk-packaging-toolkit` (skip if you already installed libraries)

```bash
pip install splunk-add-on-ucc-framework splunk-packaging-toolkit
```

* Run `ucc-gen` and package it

> Provide `--ta-version=<version>` parameter if this repository is not version controlled.

```bash
ucc-gen
slim package output/<add-on-name>
```

> Please use `ucc-gen build` instead of `ucc-gen` if you are using UCC `v5.19.0` and higher.

Now you should see an archive created in the same level as your 
`globalConfig.json` is located.

Now you can go to Splunk and install this add-on using the generated archive.

After validating that the add-on was loaded fine and all the basic operations 
are working, you can extend the functionality of the input by copying and 
pasting the automatically generated modular inputs file into `package/bin` 
folder and extending their functionality. The generated inputs are using 
[Splunk SDK for Python](https://github.com/splunk/splunk-sdk-python). After you
update the modular input code, you can run `ucc-gen` again and `ucc-gen` will 
use updated modular inputs from `package/bin` instead of generating new ones.

## Commands

### `ucc-gen build`

Builds the add-on. As of now, running `ucc-gen` does the same thing as running `ucc-gen build`, 
but eventually calling `ucc-gen` without specifying a subcommand will be 
deprecated.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--source` - [optional] folder containing the `app.manifest` and app 
    source.
* `--config` - [optional] path to the configuration file, defaults to
    globalConfig file in the parent directory of source provided.
* `--ta-version` - [optional] override current version of TA, default
    version is version specified in `globalConfig.json` or `globalConfig.yaml`. 
    Splunkbase compatible version of SEMVER will be used by default.
* `--python-binary-name` - [optional] Python binary name to use when
    installing Python libraries.

### `ucc-gen init`

Initializes the add-on (available from `v5.19.0`).
`ucc-gen init` command initializes the add-on and bootstraps some code in the 
modular input which you, as a developer, can extend for your needs.

Apart from standard files needed for the add-on, it also adds search head 
clustering files in `default/server.conf` file and reload triggers in 
`default/app.conf` file. Those files will be generated automatically soon by 
`ucc-gen build` command itself, for now you need to include them manually 
during the add-on development.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--addon-name` - [required] add-on name. Consult with 
    [official naming convention guide](https://dev.splunk.com/enterprise/docs/releaseapps/splunkbase/namingguidelines/).
* `--addon-display-name` - [required] add-on "official" name.
* `--addon-input-name` - [required] name of the generated input. 
* `--addon-version` - [optional] version of the generated add-on, `0.0.1` by default.
* `--overwrite` - [optional] overwrites already existing folder if used, 
    by default you can't generate a new add-on to already existing folder.

### `ucc-gen import-from-aob`

Import from AoB (Add-on Builder) (available from `v5.24.0`). It is in the
**experimental** state as of now, meaning that running this command may not
produce 100% UCC compatible add-on, but we are going to work on future
improvements for the script itself.

> Note: `import-from-aob` command does not support Windows as of now.

The import functionality is based on the 
[ucc_migration_test](https://github.com/tmartin14/ucc_migration_test) bash
script.
One of the ways you can use it is to download an AoB-based add-on from
Splunkbase, unarchive it and use 
`ucc-gen import-from-aob --addon-name <unarchived-folder-name>`. Or you can
run the same command against your locally developed add-on, but it should be
exported from AoB.

It takes the following parameters:

* `--addon-name` - [required] add-on name.

## What `ucc-gen build` does

* Cleans the output folder.
* Retrieves the package ID of addon.
* Copies UCC template directory under `output/<package_ID>` directory.
* Copies globalConfig.json or globalConfig.yaml file to
    `output/<package_ID>/appserver/static/js/build` directory.
* Collects and install Addon's requirements into
    `output/<package_ID>/lib` directory of addon's package.
* For the addon's requirements, packages are installed according to
    following table:
    * `lib/requirements.txt` - install Python3 compatible packages into
        `output/<package_ID>/lib`
    * Removes `setuptools*`, `bin*`, `pip*`, `distribute*`, `wheel*` if 
        they exist from `output/<package_ID>/lib`
    * Removes execute bit from every file under `output/<package_ID>/lib`
* Replaces tokens in views.
* Copies addon's `package/*` to `output/<package_ID>/*` directory.
* If an addon requires some additional configurations in packaging
    then `ucc-gen` runs the code in the `additional_packaging.py` file as well.
