docs/troubleshooting.md, before:

# Troubleshooting

## General troubleshooting

To be able to troubleshoot the Python part of the add-on, you can use `remote_pdb`. This can be used for the local development when you have locally installed Splunk instance and add-on there.s

Steps to set up:

* Put this [file](https://github.com/ionelmc/python-remote-pdb/blob/master/src/remote_pdb.py) to the `bin` folder
* Put this line (`import remote_pdb; remote_pdb.RemotePdb(host="0.0.0.0", port=4444).set_trace()`) before the line that needs troubleshooting
* Go to the console and run `telnet 127.0.0.1 4444` and it will open a `pdb` console when you can start the troubleshooting. Refer to `pdb` documentation on the commands available

## Splunk calls your modular input only once

In case Splunk calls your modular input only once however you are
specifying an interval within it should call your script - check
`use_single_instance` variable in `get_scheme` method of your modular
input class. It should be set False so that Splunk can schedule the
input accordingly.

To be able to understand that Splunk does not schedule your modular
input script, search for "index=_internal ExecProcessor" and look for
"interval: run once" near your script name.

## ModuleNotFoundError: No module named '<library-name\>'

If you see this message in Splunk when your modular input is being run, it means that Splunk could not find a library you are trying to import.

It can be because of:

* there is no such library in the `package/lib` folder -> you need to check your `package/lib/requirements.txt` file to make sure that you have it as part of the requirements
* there is no `import import_declare_test` at the top of your modular input file -> add the import mentioned to the top of your modular input file

## Compare add-ons generated by 2 different versions of the `ucc-gen build`

`scripts` folder has a script `compare_different_ucc_versions_output.sh` which
can be used to compare the output of the add-on built by 2 different versions of
the `ucc-gen build` command.

To be able to run it, copy the script to the add-on folder, read the
instructions in the script itself. If it does not work for your particular case,
feel free to adjust it yourself or file a feature request for us to improve
something.

Commit message:

docs: troubleshooting section for urllib3 >= 2 (#769)

docs/troubleshooting.md, after:

# Troubleshooting

## General troubleshooting

To be able to troubleshoot the Python part of the add-on, you can use `remote_pdb`. This can be used for the local development when you have locally installed Splunk instance and add-on there.s

Steps to set up:

* Put this [file](https://github.com/ionelmc/python-remote-pdb/blob/master/src/remote_pdb.py) to the `bin` folder
* Put this line (`import remote_pdb; remote_pdb.RemotePdb(host="0.0.0.0", port=4444).set_trace()`) before the line that needs troubleshooting
* Go to the console and run `telnet 127.0.0.1 4444` and it will open a `pdb` console when you can start the troubleshooting. Refer to `pdb` documentation on the commands available

## Splunk calls your modular input only once

In case Splunk calls your modular input only once however you are
specifying an interval within it should call your script - check
`use_single_instance` variable in `get_scheme` method of your modular
input class. It should be set False so that Splunk can schedule the
input accordingly.

To be able to understand that Splunk does not schedule your modular
input script, search for "index=_internal ExecProcessor" and look for
"interval: run once" near your script name.

## ModuleNotFoundError: No module named '<library-name\>'

If you see this message in Splunk when your modular input is being run, it means that Splunk could not find a library you are trying to import.

It can be because of:

* there is no such library in the `package/lib` folder -> you need to check your `package/lib/requirements.txt` file to make sure that you have it as part of the requirements
* there is no `import import_declare_test` at the top of your modular input file -> add the import mentioned to the top of your modular input file

## urllib3 >= 2

If you are getting an error (in `splunkd.log`)
```
ImportError: urllib3 v2.0 only supports OpenSSL 1.1.1+, currently the 'ssl' module is compiled with OpenSSL 1.0.2k-fips  26 Jan 2017.
See: https://github.com/urllib3/urllib3/issues/2168
```
when your modular input is running, you need to use `urllib3 < 2` in your `requirements.txt` file. 

## Compare add-ons generated by 2 different versions of the `ucc-gen build`

`scripts` folder has a script `compare_different_ucc_versions_output.sh` which
can be used to compare the output of the add-on built by 2 different versions of
the `ucc-gen build` command.

To be able to run it, copy the script to the add-on folder, read the
instructions in the script itself. If it does not work for your particular case,
feel free to adjust it yourself or file a feature request for us to improve
something.
