docs/uccignore.md, before:

# `.uccignore` file

This feature can be used to remove files from the output **after** the UCC template files were copied and **before** the source of the
add-on recursively overrides the output folder.

Place it in the same folder as the `globalConfig` file to have the effect.

Uccignore supports wildcard expressions, thanks to which we can find all files matching a specific pattern.

e.g. for given file structure

```
...
└── lib
    └── 3rdparty
    │   ├── linux
    │   ├   └── pycache.pyc
    │   ├── linux_with_deps
    │   ├   └── pycache.pyc
    │   └── windows
    │       └── pycache.pyc
    └── requests
    │       └── pycache.pyc
    └── urllib
            └── pycache.pyc
```  

we can remove all `.pyc` files by adding `lib/**/pycache.pyc` to the .uccignore file.
If we want to remove all `.pyc` files just from the `3rdparty` directory, we need to change pattern to `lib/3rdparty/**/pycache.pyc`.
If we want to remove only for one specific platform, we need to provide the exact path e.g. **`lib/3rdparty/windows/pycache.pyc`**.

In case no file is found for the specified pattern, you will see an appropriate warning message.

Commit message:

feat: deprecate .uccignore and upgrade additional_package (#1415)
**Issue number:** ADDON-75701

## Summary

### Changes

> The `.uccignore` gets deprecated (while still doing its job) and would
warn users can now use `cleanup_output_files` of
`additional_packaging.py` to do the same job.

### User experience

> Users using `.uccignore` would get a deprecation notice and it would
work as it is. Moreover, they would be redirected to the reference
showing the example of how to do the same job as `.uccignore`.

## Checklist

If your change doesn't seem to apply, please leave them unchecked.

* [x] I have performed a self-review of this change
* [x] Changes have been tested
* [x] Changes are documented
* [x] PR title follows [conventional commit
semantics](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

---------

Signed-off-by: Viktor Tsvetkov <142901247+vtsvetkov-splunk@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kamil Kędziak <kkedziak@splunk.com>
Co-authored-by: Viktor Tsvetkov <142901247+vtsvetkov-splunk@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: sgoral-splunk <138458044+sgoral-splunk@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: srv-rr-github-token <94607705+srv-rr-github-token@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: soleksy-splunk <143183665+soleksy-splunk@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: spanchal-crest <133882290+spanchal-crest@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/uccignore.md, after:

# `.uccignore` file

!!! warning "Deprecation Notice"
    This feature has been deprecated from UCC framework as of v5.53.0 as the feature is ambiguous. You can achieve the same functionality using [additional_packaging.py](./additional_packaging.md). The `cleanup_output_files` provides a feature to clean up files after the source code has been copied.

This feature can be used to remove files from the output **after** the UCC template files were copied and **before** the source of the
add-on recursively overrides the output folder.

Place it in the same folder as the `globalConfig` file to have the effect.

Uccignore supports wildcard expressions, thanks to which we can find all files matching a specific pattern.

e.g. for given file structure

```
...
└── lib
    └── 3rdparty
    │   ├── linux
    │   ├   └── pycache.pyc
    │   ├── linux_with_deps
    │   ├   └── pycache.pyc
    │   └── windows
    │       └── pycache.pyc
    └── requests
    │       └── pycache.pyc
    └── urllib
            └── pycache.pyc
```  

we can remove all `.pyc` files by adding `lib/**/pycache.pyc` to the .uccignore file.
If we want to remove all `.pyc` files just from the `3rdparty` directory, we need to change pattern to `lib/3rdparty/**/pycache.pyc`.
If we want to remove only for one specific platform, we need to provide the exact path e.g. **`lib/3rdparty/windows/pycache.pyc`**.

In case no file is found for the specified pattern, you will see an appropriate warning message.
